If you are anEnglish  education center professional expert who worked ad an academic manager whose tasks where expanded to be even responsible for revising and developing the registration system , I want you to plan an app that includes tables, settings, templates, pages, dashboards, tools, utilities, features , and  control panels as a 50-year experience gist and knowledge trabsfered into the top best comperhensive enterprise system. it has every and all possible the settings , responsibilities, tables , editable tables, sheets, forms, tools, utilities at an enterpries level. They are all related to the academic work of English language online center registration, study, monitor, evluation, reports, online live meetings, interviews,  bank of 2000 quizes and 3000 academic responsibilities sheets and templates,, acccess to  in-built internet explorer . He has an archive access to all possible free ai tools, and he can install new apps from google. The modt important is the design which looks like to side bars one on the left and one on the right , a header nd a footer * they have all the buttons for the above mentioned details as a lists that appear when clicking on the button the midle area is so wide and large. On the fore ground it has an advanced meeting app that has taken all zoom app components and features and created a higher more developed version of it. it can be minimized moved hidden and returned easily on the background, the space is designed as 3d wide walls there are settings and monitorind surrvillance buttons( a button named edit all : when it is clicked the platform appears in the maintenence mode the academic can visit all the sections of the platform, he can edit titles and names, add , remove , transfer, allow, ban, insert new, reshape ,and  resets default. in the classrooms he can add the users with their phone numbers, details, their teachers, time, tests and activities that opens automatically date, and time. Another button is the reminders button that opens as a popup window where the academic manager can add an endless  list of message, mail and call reminders. They work according to the time, date, users, teacher, and classroom/room. Also they coordinate with the tests system in the platform, the users, rooms and room settings and the registration for authentication , once the information is missing a dialogue appears suggesting the information coordination demands editing the data inserted in the other parts of the system. There is also a button that brings the monitors of all the active rooms on the academic managers screen in rows with a box that writes every thing is said in the classes and records every room as a video to be saved later. The academic manager will design the criteria of students' evaluation record and scoring sheet and the criteria of teacher evaluation record and scoring sheet he can duplicate them and assign his Academic ai scientist to monitor every active room and fill the evaluation sheets and create detailed repports in both languages Arabic and English. also the manager will add and create new reports based on the records sheets and rooms live monitoring. while this is happening the rooms monitors that are brought to the academic managers screen are isolated from the other rooms but inside the same room they can hear eachother clearly once the academic manager wants to appear in the classes he can click on show me , he can turn his microphone on/off and he can turn his camera on/off. There is also a button on the back ground to an inbuilt tests maker that has a gigantic library for English language ready test forms and templates , academic sheets, English free websites and resources. Another button enables the teacher to call, communicate with the dashboard visitors meet them it is full automatic that after the student or parent logs in the platforms and writes the needed information inthe registration form,and once he clicks on submit he is moved to the academic managers' room for the live meetin he is transfered to the academic managers for the live meeting. The academic manager can open a ready placement tests from the ready templates and he can enable the tester to answer and submit the answers. he can activate sensitive cam and mic ai anti-cheat monitor as well. There is a task tracker app that is responsible for listing the academic autiamatically added or manually added tasks, then monitoring, reminding, evealuating, recommending tips when shortcomes occur. Tasks tracker coordinates with all sections in the pplatforms , with the ai inbuilt tools, the lists of tasks added, the archives ,managers' record , calander tests detes,platform status, login , main dashboards once recieves an aevent he sends the aurder to the academic manger to approve and the academic manager and whenver an action was needed lists of tasks are built discussed with the accademic ai  scientist and compared according the the effect, priority, seriousness, vitality and necessity. then the top 10 teaks are  refered to the academic managers to approve and excute in a specific date and duration inserted by the manager.Then the tracker does the usual resopnsibilities of following, reminding , warning, evaluating,,,,,,,,etc. Another button is the calendar where the on which the academic sets the time date room and level for the group to start a clourse and the time , time date it ends. Automatically the eigth day quiz 1, the fourteenth day quiz 2, the 17the day video submission deadline the , 19th dayand the 20th day speaking and final tests) the  becomes red and an order is sent to the reminder to set  a reminder for all the students dated and timed, to study the same level with the same teacher with the same time and date in coordination with the manager's courses record board in the same room. once the tracker recieves an event from the calender with the data set  The next buttton is for the manager's courses record board which is a popup window that opens on full screen it can be minimized, zoomed in and out, closed or hidden easily. it appears as a popup  window the manager here has all the names of the registered students updated every time a new comer registers all the information added to the registration form dashboard  is transfered to this sheet also the academic can add the meeting and placement test results, he can writes the number of the room the time, date, duration, and teacher, time to log into the class or leave the class . reminder features activation, payment status, notes about level and weaknesses, videos deadline which coordinates with the tableof time set by the manager to decide the begining of a course and the end of the corse dates tests time , date, duration , tests trnsfer to the room and open * time, day, date, room, duration, and ai-anti cheat activation). Any event is recieved from the task tracker or the calender or from the manager's record board that tells the time a course starts, he sets the reminder to call, message, or ,text the users with the same coordinated date * time, room, day, teacher, level( with the calendar and manager's record board or ai tools appear hrer in a message box with  a popup notification . the academic manager can review the messages and events in a list and he can approve them or deny. the data connected eith this board culumns are added automatically and an event is sent to the task tracker. If a date, day, time, room , and teacher are assigned and their information is added must be coordinated according to the room first then the time then the teacher and the date. All these, date are ordered in culumns they start with autoStudent ID , name........................etc. The academic manager can add new culumns and edit their specifications and clicks on  coordinate with all the sections to transfer the data to * thr meant to be rooms, reports, ai tools, archives, tasks tracker , the settings rooms coordinated and mentioned on the rooms culumn, users and all the related or added later culumns. 